added type hinting in code examples (#451)
Pycord-Development/guide: docs/getting-started/creating-your-first-bot.mdx

```py
@bot.slash_command(name = "hello", description = "Say hello to the bot")

> async def say_hello(ctx: discord.ApplicationContext):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
async def hello(ctx: discord.ApplicationContext):
```

Not part of this PR, but this should be consistent with the actual code example lol.

specified, the name of the slash command would be the function name and the command description would
be empty.

> Optional: We typehint [': discord.ApplicationContext'](https://docs.pycord.dev/en/stable/api/application_commands.html#discord.ApplicationContext) to get access to autocompletion and docstrings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional: We type-hint [`discord.ApplicationContext`](https://docs.pycord.dev/en/stable/api/application_commands.html#discord.ApplicationContext). In many modern IDEs, we can use this to access autocompletion and docstrings. You can read more about type-hinting [here](https://docs.python.org/3/library/typing.html).
```

Author: I'd use:
[...] we use this to access [...].
Without "can", because it's already marked as optional.

Otherwise I like your version better. appears more professional.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Optional: We type-hint the context parameter (`ctx`) as [`discord.ApplicationContext`](https://docs.pycord.dev/en/stable/api/application_commands.html#discord.ApplicationContext). In modern IDEs, type-hinting allows access to autocompletion and docstrings. You can read more about type-hinting [here](https://docs.python.org/3/library/typing.html).
```
